done email subject
done login mobile
done logo clicking to dashboard
done error msg for password
done reset button with confirm button
done reset sab hat jayega service chosen
done remove package name from all service list with price
done design the very 1st page
done ahdar card and passport
done countdown while searching
done select a service before clicking done on hospital serach page
done search page me logo clicking
done deal and filters keepon scrolling
done interchange changepaswword and get OTP
done get OTP don't send if error
donemain admin page
modify service on order confirm page
filter for top rated hospital in city

done Formatting, Home page and others ::::

Other findings

done 1. Log in - Email/Mobile
done 3. OTP formatting Headers(Subj and Email ID)
done 4. After login. if hit to Home button - logged accout is disappearing
done 5. if the password is wrong, then it should not say accounnt is not found (should be password incorrect) else email if not available then okay with the current message
done 2.Strong Password
done 6. Password Alphanumeric (min 6 digits)
done 7. Password is not resetting, after confirming again directed to the reset PW page
done 8. Remove Change Password button while opening the password reset page




page completed:

customer dashboard



done 3. Eraliest points we discuss needs to be corrected
done 2. Change the page name in title bar (name should approproiate)
done 5.  Success story table is not created
done 7. Deal and offers is not reflecting
done 10. Service Details box one button needs to be change from confirm to edit and Done to Confirm
done 11. All service list should not appear package name and also should roll-up
done 12. Email and Chat integreation
done 13. Contact us 
done 15. Change Driver info to Service boy info in my order page
done 17. get OTP button should be on top before change password button in forgot password option
done 16. After logged IN- clicking on Home is disappearing the current login Account
done 18. Back option arrow should be avaialble at below or near to next while filling the details for Service boy creating account
done 8. Admin control dasboard for accepting and rejecting service boy details
done 4. Top Rating city table is not available and also data is not reflecting into the box
done 6. Top rating hosp table is not created city wise
1. Service boy table in database did not find
9. My Profile edit
14. Service boy Active and deactive option is not available, if suppose Service boy is on vacation, how he/she will make availability

15. Service_Boy signup me Vehicle Number with drop down and select
16. Billing invoice me logo
17. Package info Icon with desc.
18. success story focus

19. success story photo up
20. filter city design
21. deals and offers font size
22. hotels near by
23. 5 Images of hotels
24. Details and Price of Hotels 
25. make section of hotels in Admin
26. Contact Use

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
#ff844f
#ee7946
fd7034